=== 1.3 / 2015-06-18

* 3 minor enhancements

  * Added a controller method, kinetic_cafe_error_handler_log_error, in
    KineticCafe::ErrorHandler that will log the given error in the default
    logging language, and its cause, if any.

  * Added a controller class method to change the default logging language for
    kinetic_cafe_error_handler_log_error. A locale may be provided with
    kinetic_cafe_error_handler_log_locale. Fixes
    [#2]{https://github.com/KineticCafe/kinetic_cafe_error/issues/2}.

  * Added an optional +locale+ parameter to KineticCafe::ErrorModule#message
    and KineticCafe::ErrorModule::#i18n_message. If I18n is present and
    +locale+ is provided, the translation will *not* be cached and the
    translation will be performed using the provided locale.

* 1 bug fixed

  * The Minitest assertion, assert_kc_error, could not work because it was
    looking for descendants of KineticCafe::ErrorDSL, not
    KineticCafe::ErrorModule. Reported by @richardsondx as
    [#3]{https://github.com/KineticCafe/kinetic_cafe_error/issues/3} during a
    pairing session.

=== 1.2 / 2015-06-08

* 1 major enhancement

  * Changed the preferred way of creating an error hierarchy from just
    extending the error class with KineticCafe::ErrorDSL to calling
    KineticCafe.create_hierarchy. Among other options this provides, the
    automatic creation of helper methods and errors based on Rack::Utils status
    codes can be controlled.

* 5 minor enhancements

  * Renamed KineticCafe#header_only? to KineticCafe#header? The old version is
    still present but deprecated. Similarly, the option to
    KineticCafe::ErrorDSL#define_error is now called +header+, but
    +header_only+ also works.

  * Added an option, +i18n_params+ to KineticCafe::ErrorDSL#define_error, used
    to describe the I18n parameters that are expected to be provided to the
    error for translations. This gets defined as a class method on the new
    error. This should be passed as an array.

  * Extracted most of the 'magic' functionality to KineticCafe::ErrorModule so
    that useful hierarchies can be generated without inheriting directly from
    KineticCafe::Error.

  * Added a class method to the Rails controller concern to generate a new
    rescue_from for a non-KineticCafe::Error-derived exception.

  * Added a pair of rake tasks, kcerror:defined (shows defined errors) and
    kcerror:translations (generates a sample translation key file).
    Automatically inserted for Rails applications.

=== 1.1 / 2015-06-05

* 7 minor enhancements

  * Added Minitest assertions and expectations.
  * Added Rspec expectation matchers.
  * Changed the error table to be a partial and renamed keys to support this
    change (kinetic_cafe_error/_table.html.*). Removed the previous key. Now
    an error is nominally embeddable in your own views without being a full
    page.
  * Added HAML templates.
  * Added Slim templates.
  * Move error page to kinetic_cafe_error/page.html.* instead of
    kinetic_cafe/error/page.html.*. This could be a breaking change, but I
    consider it low risk.
  * Added KineticCafe::Error#code as an alias for KineticCafe::Error#i18n_key.

* 2 minor bugfixes:

  * The en and fr translation files were reporting en-CA and fr-CA as their
    locales, which is incorrect.

  * Renamed locale files to better match their names to their locales. The
    locale is not en_ca, but en-CA.

=== 1.0.1 / 2015-05-27

* 1 minor bugfix

  * Mac OS X is not case-sensitive and I do not currently have Rails-specific
    tests.

=== 1.0.0 / 2015-05-27

* 1 major enhancement

  * Birthday!
